Minigame Ideas


1. "Fortnite: Boop Royale" (FFA) - On an ever-shrinking circular stage, players
have to push other players off. Players can charge, with the caveat that the 
boost cannot be corrected after firing.
Last player wins.

2. "AAAAAAAAAA" (FFA) - Players have to button mash to match the prompt on 
screen. Prompts change suddenly and at random. The objective is to move from 
one side of the screen to the other. Incorrect mashes move you backwards, 
correct mashes move you forwards. 

3. "Speed Checkers" (2v2) - Players are delegated into teams, and every turn 
teams are scrambled. The objective is to beat the other team in a scaled-down 
version of checkers.

4. "Drip Drop" (FFA) - Players must rotate a circular stage to guide paint to 
the center. The stage is randomly generated.

5. "Death Tetris" (1v3) - One player must drop blocks, similar to tetris. The 
other players have to scale the blocks in order to make it to the goal, which is
located on the top of the screen. 

6. "Bullet Heaven" (2v2) - Players are split into two teams, each comprised of a
runner and a gunner. The runner has to survive, while the gunner has to fire a 
minimum amount of bullets. If the runner dies or the gunner does not meet the 
bullet quota, the team loses. In case of a tie, they go into overtime and IT 
GETS FASTER

7. "Russian Roulette 2" (FFA) - Players are given a gun and have to choose 
whether to fire or to pass. Firing runs the risk of dying, but awards the player
a point. Most points after 3 rounds wins.

8. "Spinner" (1v3) - 3 players have to navigate an obstacle course comprised of 
spinning platforms. The platforms are different sizes, and spin at different 
rates. The fourth player controls the generalized speed of the entire obstacle 
course. If at least one player survives before time runs out, the 3 players win.

9. "Mixing" (2v2) - Players are split into teams and given 4 poisons labeled 
X, XX, XXX, XXXX, one of each. Each poison has a randomized amount of poison, 
but the property X < XX < XXX < XXXX will always hold. The players must continue
to pour poision into the vial until it explodes (The vial can hold an 
unspecified amount of poison). First team to explode loses. 

10. "Don't Miss" (2v2) - All players are delegated into teams of 2. One player 
on each team controls the direction of a swaying target. The other player 
controls a reticle that is also swaying. The player with the gun has to choose 
when to shoot (there is a 0.75 second delay on the shot). The team with the 
better score wins.

11. "Permutations" (FFA) - All players are tasked with developing button combo
permutations that are three inputs long (ie AAA, AXY, BXX, etc). Player 1 starts
with a button. Player 2 follows up with another button, and player 3 finishes 
the string. Once the string is completed, it cannot be repeated. 

12. "Bouncing Bullets" (FFA) - Players shoot bullets in order to tag other 
players. Bullets bounce off walls. If you are hit by your own bullets, you lose 
a lot of points. Most points win.

13. "Defacement" (FFA) - Each player is given a sequence of images and needs to point out the 
wrong one (nazi hat vs soviet hat), soviet flag, Communist Manifesto vs. Capitalist Manifesto,etc. 
Little gun shy on this one.

14. "Decode" (FFA) - Players are given famous phrases from American people that are encoded randomly. 
Successfully decoding first awards a point or maximum number of points. 
3 rounds, whoever has the most points wins.

15. "Infiltrate" (1v1) If you've ever played Quoridor, it's basically this. Each round two players are seleted. 
Player one needs to place randomly generated bridges and connect them to reach an access point. 
However, every X second interval someone can place a "wall" to impede someone's progress or 
"sabotage" a piece to disable it. Disabled pieces won't work for a certain period of time, 
which can be reduced by mashing. Both players use the same grid and piecess. 

16. "Glory to Country" (FFA) Follow along at the military rally! Drive a tank along a rally 
and try to avoid the American spies seeking to sabotage you. Have randomly placed events 
i.e a mine, a sniper you must crush, and a cannon salute.

17. "ESCAPE!" (1 v 3) - Pacman except the ghosts are Soviet guards and you're an 
American trying to collect papers throughout several preset (or randomly generated) mazes. 
American guy runs faster so as to even out the competition. Time limit before the 
general comes by to keep the game short and sweet

18. "Spyplane" (2v2) - Two spy planes have to navigate through the skies to make it 
to a dropoff point. Following these planes are two fighter jets with guns. 
Team attack is on so you have to remain coordinated. Crashing into a plane instantly downs both of them. 
Small HP so it goes quickly

19. "Shoot The Messenger" - Hot potato, except you have to break news to your general and you're 
passing the documents around before the angry general gets to the meeting. Timer is randomly 
generated from a given range (35-50 seconds). Players have to hold the documents for at least a 
second before choosing to toss it to somebody. 

20. "Bomb" - MAKE A BOMB OH GOD. An image is shown for 10 seconds of a bomb. 5 parts are chosen 
and assembled randomly in the image, 7 possible parts that users can connect. Most "correct" placement of objects wins. If both are 100%, first one wins.
